---
ID: 59653
post_title: 2012-2013 Donors
author: Shelley Keith
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: >
  https://www.umw.edu/greatlives/support/donors/2012-2013/
published: true
post_date: 2015-07-01 14:00:56
---
The following supporters of education have given generously to keep the Crawley Great Lives Lecture Series free to the public.
<h2>Founding Patron</h2>
Mr. John Chappell established a substantial operating endowment that enabled the creation of the Great Lives Lecture Series, and his subsequent  gifts each year have continued to enhance the program immeasurably.
<h2>Gold Sponsorships</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Drs. William and Theresa Crawley ‘77</li>
 	<li>Fred and Barbara Rankin</li>
 	<li>Sodexo, Inc.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Silver Sponsorships</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. John Reynolds</li>
 	<li>Sammy and Betty Merrill</li>
 	<li>Dr. Michael P. and Dr. Patricia P. Stevens</li>
</ul>
<h2>Bronze Sponsorships</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Joseph A. Caruso and Rosemary Barra</li>
 	<li>Sara Fabian Lockett ’94</li>
 	<li>Brent and Heather Knapp ’93</li>
 	<li>Elmer and Marcy Morris ‘50</li>
 	<li>Mary Alice Merchent</li>
 	<li>Drs. Mitchell Sojack and Rosemary O’Grady</li>
 	<li>Ms. Rita Morgan Stone ‘52</li>
 	<li>Monecia Helton Taylor ‘81</li>
 	<li>Dirk and Jean Watson</li>
 	<li>Thomas F. and Archer C. Williams ’88</li>
</ul>
<h2>Friends of Great Lives</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Advanced Oral and Facial Surgery</li>
 	<li>Anonymous</li>
 	<li>Edward Allison</li>
 	<li>Susan Antos</li>
 	<li>Dr. and Mrs. Ronald Apter</li>
 	<li>Betty Lou Bailey ’44</li>
 	<li>Roy and Thea Beutel</li>
 	<li>Ann Byrnes</li>
 	<li>Susan Barnes ‘87 and Randal Whitehead</li>
 	<li>Dr. and Mrs. William T. Barton III</li>
 	<li>David &amp;  Beverly Brumbaugh</li>
 	<li>Jeanette and Nick Cadwallender</li>
 	<li>Derrick D. Carr ’90 and Jane A. Carr ’92</li>
 	<li>Mike and Nancy Cherwek</li>
 	<li>Joyce Childress</li>
 	<li>Bernard and Rae Cohen</li>
 	<li>John and Gaye Copley</li>
 	<li>Claire Curcio and Selby McCash</li>
 	<li>Elizabeth Daly</li>
 	<li>James W. Davis</li>
 	<li>Susan Davis ’93</li>
 	<li>Marian and Stan Dawgert</li>
 	<li>Don, Kathleen and Kirk Edwards</li>
 	<li>Mark Episcopo and Susan Green</li>
 	<li>Gerry and Kathleen Fink</li>
 	<li>Donald and Marian Frenk</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. Paul Gabler</li>
 	<li>Lucy A. Garner</li>
 	<li>Miriam E. Gerard</li>
 	<li>Dr. and Mrs. Philip L. Hall</li>
 	<li>Duane and Nancy Hansen</li>
 	<li>Martha Hearn</li>
 	<li>Dan and Jean Himmel</li>
 	<li>Lynn and Cindy Hinds</li>
 	<li>Bob and Sibyle Jenks</li>
 	<li>Forrest and Kathleen Kennedy</li>
 	<li>Milton Kline</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. Lundry</li>
 	<li>Bernard and Kathleen Mahoney</li>
 	<li>Wayland Marks</li>
 	<li>Mary Washington Elderstudy (20th Year)</li>
 	<li>Clyde W. Matthews</li>
 	<li>Megan McCrum ’08</li>
 	<li>Salvatore M. Meringolo</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. Willis Mock, Jr. ’99</li>
 	<li>Don and Sandra Morris</li>
 	<li>Ms. Judy G. Norton</li>
 	<li>Larry and Elaine Pratt</li>
 	<li>Dr. and Mrs. V.O. Rao</li>
 	<li>Michael Redding</li>
 	<li>Florence Ridderhof ’50</li>
 	<li>Bill and Wendy Rogers</li>
 	<li>Tom and Jackie Rorrer, Jr.</li>
 	<li>Anne and David Scott</li>
 	<li>Bev and Ed Shelesky</li>
 	<li>Ms. Carol H. Schwartz</li>
 	<li>Carol and Chuck Schwartzman</li>
 	<li>Paul and Debbie Simpson</li>
 	<li>Karla Snellings ’92</li>
 	<li>Nancy Snyder</li>
 	<li>Maria Somma and Gyles Norwood</li>
 	<li>Robert and Patricia Walker</li>
 	<li>Roy and Lolly Weinstock</li>
 	<li>Jo Love Willis ’64</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. William C. Withers, Jr.</li>
 	<li>Cindy Zimmerman</li>
 	<li>Mr. Alan L. Zirkle</li>
 	<li>Carl Zirkle</li>
</ul>
Make a difference by <a href="http://www.umw.edu/onlinegiving">making a gift today</a>. Giving back is the Mary Washington way.