---
ID: 60162
post_title: 2018-2019 Donors
author: mfull2
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: >
  http://www.umw.edu/greatlives/support/donors/2018-2019-donors/
published: true
post_date: 2018-11-13 16:12:11
---
The following supporters of education have given generously to keep the Crawley Great Lives Lecture Series free and open to the public.
<h2>Founding Patron</h2>
Mr. John Chappell established a substantial operating endowment that enabled the creation of the Great Lives Lecture Series, and his subsequent gifts each year have continued to enhance the program immeasurably.
<h2>Sustaining Sponsors</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Chancellor’s Village</li>
 	<li>Coldwell Banker Elite</li>
 	<li>Davenport &amp; Company LLC</li>
 	<li>JON Properties/Van Zandt Restorations</li>
 	<li>Irene and Robert Curry Roberts</li>
 	<li>Synergy Periodontics and Implants</li>
 	<li>Virginia Partners Bank</li>
</ul>
<h2>Program Sponsors</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Community Bank of the Chesapeake</li>
 	<li>Theresa Y. Crawley, D.D.S.</li>
 	<li>Dovetail Cultural Resource Group</li>
 	<li>Hirschler</li>
 	<li>Parrish, Snead, Franklin, Simpson, PLC</li>
 	<li>Sodexo Campus Services</li>
 	<li>Synergy</li>
 	<li>The Gemini 3 Group</li>
 	<li>Yuh Prosthodontics</li>
</ul>
<h2>Gold Patrons</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Elmer, Jr. ’50 and Marceline Weatherly Morris ’50</li>
 	<li>Fredericksburg Savings Charitable Foundation</li>
</ul>
<h2>Silver Patrons</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Arthur, Jr. and Lloyd Tilton Backstrom '61</li>
 	<li>Dr. and Mrs. Charles R. Block</li>
 	<li>Dr. Gary Garber</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. Joseph E. Nordsieck</li>
 	<li>Mary Jane O'Neill</li>
 	<li>Joanna Reynolds</li>
</ul>
<h2>Bronze Patrons</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Blackwood Real Estate</li>
 	<li>Joseph and Rosemarry Barra Caruso</li>
 	<li>Dan and Kathleen Chichester</li>
 	<li>Don, Kathleen, and Kirk Edwards</li>
 	<li>Dr. and Mrs. J. Richard Garnett</li>
 	<li>Martha Kimball Hearn '58</li>
 	<li>John and Rosemarie McKeown</li>
 	<li>Joseph W. Nicholas</li>
 	<li>Judge and Mrs. J. M. H. Willis Jr.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Friends</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>B. Gen. (Ret.) Jack A. Apperson</li>
 	<li>Dr. Bulent and Carol Masker Atalay</li>
 	<li>Susan R. Barnes '87</li>
 	<li>John and Gaye Copley</li>
 	<li>Judith A. Crissman</li>
 	<li>Marian and Stan Dawgert</li>
 	<li>Mr. Roger Engels and Ms. Nancy Moore</li>
 	<li>Ms. Darlene W. Flemer</li>
 	<li>Jinxie Forbush</li>
 	<li>Mike Fray</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. David M. Hiles</li>
 	<li>David and Jean Graham Hunt</li>
 	<li>Sara C. Looney</li>
 	<li>Dr. and Mrs. Wayland Marks</li>
 	<li>Kathleen and Bernard Mahoney</li>
 	<li>Mary Washington ElderStudy</li>
 	<li>Kenneth and Julia Moore</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Roth</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. Ralph K. Joseph</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. Walter Mathews</li>
 	<li>Peggy Hopkins Johnson '53</li>
 	<li>Philip and Barbara Hall</li>
 	<li>Roy H. Kissinger</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. Martin Poch</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. William Rogers</li>
 	<li>Bob and Jan Savage</li>
 	<li>Debbie and Paul Simpson</li>
 	<li>Roy and Cathy Strohl</li>
 	<li>Susan Carter Tyler '64</li>
 	<li>Thomas and Jessica Waltz</li>
 	<li>Roy and Lolly Weinstock</li>
</ul>