---
ID: 60318
post_title: 2019-2020 Donors
author: mfull2
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: >
  http://www.umw.edu/greatlives/support/donors/2019-2020-donors/
published: true
post_date: 2019-12-02 18:56:03
---
The following supporters of education have given generously to keep the Crawley Great Lives Lecture Series free and open to the public.
<h2>Founding Patron</h2>
Mr. John Chappell established a substantial operating endowment that enabled the creation of the Great Lives Lecture Series, and his subsequent gifts each year have continued to enhance the program immeasurably.
<h2>Sustaining Sponsors</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Chancellor’s Village</li>
 	<li>Coldwell Banker Elite</li>
 	<li>Davenport &amp; Company LLC</li>
 	<li>The Gemini 3 Group</li>
 	<li>JON Properties/Van Zandt Restorations</li>
 	<li>Irene and Robert Curry Roberts</li>
 	<li>sPower</li>
 	<li>Synergy Periodontics and Implants</li>
 	<li>Virginia Partners Bank</li>
</ul>
<h2>Program Sponsors</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Mary Lou Chappell</li>
 	<li>John and Linda Coker</li>
 	<li>The Community Bank of the Chesapeake</li>
 	<li>Theresa Y Crawley D.D.S.</li>
 	<li>Dovetail Cultural Resources</li>
 	<li>Fredericksburg Savings Charitable Foundation</li>
 	<li>Hirschler</li>
 	<li>Parrish Sneak Franklin Simpson, PLC</li>
 	<li>Sodexo</li>
 	<li>Yuh Prosthodontics</li>
</ul>
<h2>Gold Patrons</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Elmer, Jr. '50 and Marceline Weatherly Morris '50</li>
 	<li>John and Peggy Young</li>
</ul>
<h2>Silver Patrons</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Arthur and Lloyd Backstrom</li>
 	<li>Castle Key Realty and Karen Warren Beall '84</li>
 	<li>Margaret Birch '79</li>
 	<li>Charles and Constance Block</li>
 	<li>John and Marilyn Farrington</li>
 	<li>Dr. Gary Garber and Tooie Garber</li>
 	<li>Barbara Stone Mait and Russell Mait</li>
 	<li>Fred and Barbara Rankin</li>
 	<li>Joanna L. Reynolds</li>
 	<li>Joseph Nordsieck and Melanie Ringer</li>
 	<li>Walt and Christinia Sheffield</li>
 	<li>William and Carol Wachter</li>
 	<li>Anonymous</li>
</ul>
<h2>Bronze Patrons</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Ed and Joyce Alison</li>
 	<li>Ron and Susan Bishop</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. Donald T. Edwards</li>
 	<li>Blackwood Real Estate</li>
 	<li>Fredericksburg Savings Charitable Foundation</li>
 	<li>Lenoir R. Garnett</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. John C. Hall</li>
 	<li>Martha Kimball Hearn</li>
 	<li>Don and Peggy Lundry</li>
 	<li>Charles A. and Ellen Lynn</li>
 	<li>John and Rosemarie McKeown</li>
 	<li>Betty and Sammy Merrill</li>
 	<li>Martine and Elaine Miller</li>
 	<li>Suzanne Pool</li>
 	<li>Mildred B. Vittoria '88</li>
 	<li>Archer C. Williams</li>
 	<li>Judge and Mrs. J. M. H. Willis, Jr.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Friends</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>B. Gen. (RET) Jack A. Apperson</li>
 	<li>Bulent and Carol Atalay</li>
 	<li>Christopher and Shirl Avery</li>
 	<li>Jack E. Bales</li>
 	<li>Susan R. Barnes '87</li>
 	<li>Lawrence Newhart and Gladys Bennett</li>
 	<li>Roy and Thea Beutel</li>
 	<li>Jim and Lisa Bibel '91</li>
 	<li>William and Catherine Boldon</li>
 	<li>Harrison and Gail Braxton</li>
 	<li>Jim and JoAnn Brown</li>
 	<li>Charlotte Burrill</li>
 	<li>Jim and Ann Byrnes</li>
 	<li>Celebrate Friends of Great Lives</li>
 	<li>Polly Updegraff Champ '61</li>
 	<li>John and Gaye Copley</li>
 	<li>Judith A. Crissman</li>
 	<li>Ms. Elizabeth Daly</li>
 	<li>Karen and Kirk Darrough</li>
 	<li>Brenda Davenport</li>
 	<li>Robert and Eileen David</li>
 	<li>Mr. James W. Davis</li>
 	<li>Janet H. Davis</li>
 	<li>Stanley and Marian Dawgert</li>
 	<li>Bill and Donna Elliott</li>
 	<li>Catherine B. Elwell '73</li>
 	<li>Catharine J. Farley</li>
 	<li>William H. Farr</li>
 	<li>Janie Feagan</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fennemore</li>
 	<li>Martha C. Ferrebee</li>
 	<li>Victor Fingerhut and Caroline Carver</li>
 	<li>"Jinxie" Forbush</li>
 	<li>Mike Fray</li>
 	<li>Andi Gabler</li>
 	<li>Roy and Peggy Gratz</li>
 	<li>Mary Katherine Greenlaw</li>
 	<li>Ann D. Haley</li>
 	<li>Marti Hall</li>
 	<li>Philip and Barbara Hall</li>
 	<li>Duane and Nancy Hansen</li>
 	<li>Shelley Heeder</li>
 	<li>David and Mary Jo Hiles</li>
 	<li>In Memory of Lynn Hinds</li>
 	<li>David and Jean Hunt</li>
 	<li>Larry and Jane Ingalls</li>
 	<li>Ralph K. Joseph</li>
 	<li>Kathleen Kennedy</li>
 	<li>Linda and Milton Kline</li>
 	<li>Aino and Charles Leedom, Jr.</li>
 	<li><em>In Memory of Samantha Lehmann</em></li>
 	<li>Sara Looney</li>
 	<li>Bernard and Kathleen Mahoney</li>
 	<li>Wayland and Melissa Marks</li>
 	<li>Mary Washington ElderStudy</li>
 	<li>Walter Matthews</li>
 	<li>Judy Mayfield</li>
 	<li>Michael and Lynne McCay</li>
 	<li>Monica Wysolmerski McClanahan '74</li>
 	<li>Pam and Tom Meyer</li>
 	<li>Kathleen Dwyer Miller</li>
 	<li>Sharon and Edward Minniear</li>
 	<li>Margaret and Bill Mock</li>
 	<li>Mary C. Moncure '90</li>
 	<li>David and Nancy Montgomery</li>
 	<li>Kenneth and Julia Moore</li>
 	<li>Regina Moriarty</li>
 	<li>Elizabeth Saunders Morris</li>
 	<li>Robert and Peggy Neel</li>
 	<li>Susan K. Noon</li>
 	<li>John Norton</li>
 	<li>Judy and Jim Norton</li>
 	<li>Mr. Gyles R. Norwood and Ms. Marie A. Somma</li>
 	<li>Shannon Null</li>
 	<li>Joe and Janel O'Malley</li>
 	<li>Tim and Marilyn Perry</li>
 	<li>Edith R. Petersen</li>
 	<li>Katherine and Will Philipp</li>
 	<li>Larry and Rosemary Pitts</li>
 	<li>Martin Poch</li>
 	<li>Florence Overley Ridderhof</li>
 	<li>Melanie A. Ringer</li>
 	<li>Christopher and Rachel Rissetto</li>
 	<li>Tom and Jackie Rorrer</li>
 	<li>Alfred Roth</li>
 	<li>Robert and Janet Savage</li>
 	<li>Vera R. Schemering</li>
 	<li>Dean and Judy Schneider</li>
 	<li>Daniel and Judith Schofield</li>
 	<li>Anne and David Scott</li>
 	<li>Paul and De'onne Scott</li>
 	<li>Richard and Terry Shea</li>
 	<li>Beverley L. Shelesky</li>
 	<li>Debbie and Paul Simpson</li>
 	<li>Carol Johnson Sitzman</li>
 	<li>Ann Ruff Smith '69</li>
 	<li>Rita Morgan Stone</li>
 	<li>Bob G. Straight</li>
 	<li>LeRoy S. Strohl</li>
 	<li>Jack and Carolyn Sulima</li>
 	<li>Jay F. Thompson</li>
 	<li>Imogene Treble</li>
 	<li>Susan Tyler</li>
 	<li>Ron Vandebunte</li>
 	<li>James and Jeanne Vaught</li>
 	<li>Robert and Patricia Walker</li>
 	<li>Paulette S. Watson</li>
 	<li>Roy B. Weinstock</li>
 	<li>John and Laura Westermeier</li>
 	<li>David Hedy Witte</li>
 	<li>Stuart and Sylvia McJilton Woodcock '61</li>
 	<li>Michael and Cynthia Zimmerman</li>
 	<li>Mr. Alan L. Zirkle</li>
</ul>