---
ID: 60690
post_title: 2020-2021 Donors
author: ckuzemch
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: >
  http://www.umw.edu/greatlives/support/donors/2020-2021-donors/
published: true
post_date: 2020-12-14 19:44:07
---
The following supporters of education have given generously to keep the Crawley Great Lives Lecture Series free and open to the public.
<h2>Founding Patron</h2>
Mr. John Chappell established a substantial operating endowment that enabled the creation of the Great Lives Lecture Series, and his subsequent gifts each year have continued to enhance the program immeasurably.
<h2>Series Sustaining Sponsors</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Chancellor's Village</li>
 	<li>Coldwell Banker Elite</li>
 	<li>Community Bank of the Chesapeake</li>
 	<li>Davenport &amp; Company</li>
 	<li>The Gemini 3 Group</li>
 	<li>JON Properties &amp; Van Zandt Restoration</li>
 	<li>Irene and Curry Roberts</li>
 	<li>sPower</li>
 	<li>Synergy Periodontics and Implants</li>
 	<li>Virginia Partners Bank</li>
</ul>
<h2>Program Sponsors</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Barlow &amp; Thomas, P.C.</li>
 	<li>Mary Lou Chappell</li>
 	<li>John and Linda Coker</li>
 	<li>Dovetail Cultural Resource Group</li>
 	<li>Fredericksburg Savings Charitable Foundation</li>
 	<li>Hirschler</li>
 	<li>Sodexo</li>
 	<li>Yuh Prosthodontics</li>
</ul>
<h2>Presenters</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Arthur, Jr. and Lloyd Tilton Backstrom '61</li>
 	<li>Gary and Judith Henley Beck '68</li>
 	<li>Charles and Constance Block</li>
 	<li>Margaret Birch '79</li>
 	<li>Barbara Stone Mait '79</li>
 	<li>Elmer, Jr. '50 and Marceline Weatherly Morris '50</li>
 	<li>Joseph Nordsieck and Melanie Ringer</li>
 	<li>Carolyn Roberts '76</li>
 	<li>Kathleen Nagy Schabacker '68</li>
 	<li>Steven and Lisa Rauch Walsh '79</li>
</ul>
<h2>Supporters</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Ed and Joyce Alison</li>
 	<li>Ron and Susan Bishop</li>
 	<li>John and Marilyn Farrington</li>
 	<li>Richard and Lenoir Garnett - <em>In Honor of Bill Crawley</em></li>
 	<li>John and Etta Hall</li>
 	<li>Martha Kimball Hearn</li>
 	<li>David and Jean Hunt</li>
 	<li>Forrest and Kathleen Kennedy</li>
 	<li>John and Rosemarie McKeown</li>
 	<li>Sammy and Betty Merrill -<em> In Memory of Carlton Lutterbie</em></li>
 	<li>Martin and Elaine Miller</li>
 	<li>Joanna L. Reynolds</li>
 	<li>Rita Morgan Stone '52</li>
 	<li>Mildred B. Vittoria '88</li>
 	<li>Judge and Mrs. J. M. H. Willis, Jr.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Friends</h2>
<ul>
 	<li>Carole S. Einarsen Alfriend '69</li>
 	<li>B. Gen. (RET) Jack A. Apperson</li>
 	<li>Bulent and Carol Atalay</li>
 	<li>Patricia Baney</li>
 	<li>Susan R. Barnes '87</li>
 	<li>Darlene Calandra '77</li>
 	<li>Polly Updegraff Champ '61</li>
 	<li>Jan G. Clark<em> - In Memory of Bernie Cohen</em></li>
 	<li>Linda Cooper</li>
 	<li>Judy Crissman</li>
 	<li>Elizabeth Daly</li>
 	<li>Katherine Davis</li>
 	<li>Stanley and Marian Dawgert</li>
 	<li>Don, Kathleen, and Kirk Edwards</li>
 	<li>Linn and Mary Emerick</li>
 	<li>Patricia Fatovic</li>
 	<li>Dr. and Mrs. William H. Farr</li>
 	<li>Janice Feagan<em> - In Memory of Samantha Lehmann</em></li>
 	<li>Charles and Laura Fennemore</li>
 	<li>Libby Fordham '57</li>
 	<li>Paul and Andi Gabler</li>
 	<li>Dick and Judy Hansen</li>
 	<li>Bernadine Arnn Hayes '66</li>
 	<li>Shelley Heeder</li>
 	<li>Deborah Hood &amp; Michael Recant</li>
 	<li>Brenda H. Hynson '88</li>
 	<li>Larry and Jane Ingalls</li>
 	<li>Bonnie Jewell '98</li>
 	<li>Marcus Kelley</li>
 	<li>Terry and Kathleen Love</li>
 	<li>Ann and Paul Lusher</li>
 	<li>Lucy Lutterbie '70</li>
 	<li>Mary Washington ElderStudy</li>
 	<li>Monica Wysolmerski McClanahan '74</li>
 	<li>Pamela Powell McWhirt '69</li>
 	<li>Bernard and Kathleen Mahoney</li>
 	<li>Wayland and Melissa Marks</li>
 	<li>Walter and Mary Mathews</li>
 	<li>Gene and Armecia Medlock</li>
 	<li>David and Nancy Montgomery</li>
 	<li>Regina Moriarty</li>
 	<li>Carol Mullins</li>
 	<li>John Norton</li>
 	<li>Gyles Norwood and Marie Somma</li>
 	<li>Larry and Rosemary Pitts</li>
 	<li>Marty and Ruth Poch</li>
 	<li>Walter and Carol Rawls</li>
 	<li>Michael Redding</li>
 	<li>Joan Rice</li>
 	<li>Florence Overley Ridderhof '50</li>
 	<li>Thomas &amp; Jacqueline Rorrer</li>
 	<li>Elizabeth Bray Saunders Morris '64</li>
 	<li>Mary Scally</li>
 	<li>Anne Tilghman Scott '64</li>
 	<li>Edward and Beverley Shelesky</li>
 	<li>Lisa A. Simmerman</li>
 	<li>Sheryl Sinche</li>
 	<li>Ann Ruff Smith '69</li>
 	<li>Wayne and Donna Stanton</li>
 	<li>Daniel K. '84 and Anne Marie Thompson Steen '83</li>
 	<li>Jack and Carolyn Sulima</li>
 	<li>Imogene Treble</li>
 	<li>Mr. and Mrs. Ron Vandebunte</li>
 	<li>Roy and Lolly Weinstock</li>
 	<li>Marsha Lynn Wilkins '62</li>
 	<li>Brian Witt</li>
 	<li>Norm and Linda Young</li>
</ul>